  When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
  
You would want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all of your work local when 
you would like have multiple people working on a project and you would like to share code with each other.
Keeping your work local means your stuff will not be stolen, but it also means you cannot share 
ideas with other peoople who might help your project out a ton. 

	Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically
 stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

You might want to always pull changes manually rather than have git automatically stay up to 
date with your remote repository because just like commit, only you know when you have made a full logical 
change to your repository.  There is no need to have git pull changes when the changes are still not significant. 

	Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

You would use a fork when you want to change the project of someone, but they want it to stay the same, or they 
do not want to work together with you, so you get their permission and go off in another direction while
also giving them credit by forking rather than cloning.  

You could clone when you want to steal someoens work.  Or you can clone to get code onto your computer and work just 
locally.

You branch when you are working on a code and you go off in different directions by trying to add new features.  
Kind of similar to fork but not really.  Fork changes ownership of the file(kinda), while branching it is still the same 
people working on the code.  

	What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

It is beneficial to have a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally because then you can compare your
files with the last known state using the diff function to see what changes you have made.  You can use the file offline 
without having to go back online.

	How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

You could collaborate without using Git or Github by editing the code on a shared document like google docs.
Or you could all work separately then have someone browse through the code and look at all the changes and 
save it as a single file.  A lot of work. 